chore: update the `velocity info` cmd details (#548)
PaperMC/docs: docs/velocity/admin/reference/commands.md

If the user has the `velocity.command.plugins` permission, they can view all the plugins currently
active on the proxy using `/velocity plugins`, including the name, authors, and version.

### `/velocity info`

> If the user has the `velocity.command.info` permission, they can view a few inforamtions about the Velocity instance
> such as the version of Velocity running on the proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user has the `velocity.command.info` permission, they can view information about the Velocity instance,
such as the version of Velocity running on the proxy.
```
